Intro
Experience on the picket line
On a cold rainy day in November, I ate a bagel. The next morning was sunny. I decided to share the same love that bagel experienced with the rest of the world.
I purchased four americanos and a few snacks. I trudged up bancroft, took aim, and fired conversation at the first friendly dog walking lady I came across. Rejection.
I proceeded to offer coffee to every soul in sight. The second soul, let's call her Roxanne. Roxanne graciously declined and together, we trudged onwards.
Rosanna taught me that frivolity can inspire great conversation. We chatted for 30 minutes and I learned about Berkeley's new Bakar space, as well as a program she ran to help graduate student careers. Rosanne learned about Kdot.
Next in line was the picket liners. I always hated picket lines. They reminded me of why I refused to engage with politics at UC Berkeley: unilateral thinking in the areas that mattered the most, such as "what if we are all just wrong?" This time was different because the kids running the pickets weren't traumatized kids. They were traumatized adults, although I believe the preferred term is graduate students.
I trudged up the hill to Stanley, took aim, and fired.
Space elevators, quantum algorithms, and a heated debate about war and politics later, I decided to believe in hope, hope for a movement that opposed tyranny. And so I trudged onwards.
Next in line was the IGI. I spoke with some more traumatized adults, but the conversations meandered. I ate a donut or something like that. It was delicious. And so my day ended, and I found peace knowing that while hope may be possible, we still have a ton of work to do.

Stories on facism, pre-mobile world (italy/germany, cambodia, the cold war)
I am not qualified to comment here, other than saying fascism is bad and what happened in Cambodia was very very bad. 
February 18th edit: I am now a bit more qualified to speak to authoritariansim. Earlier this month, I attended a Marxist-students-@Berkeley hosted labor panel. It was terrifying. At the very least, the organizers could have been a little bit more considerate towards my chinese heritage in praising the ex-chairman of the motherland. I guess a bunch of sheltered political science kids can only remember so much real world history.
Takeawway here is the power of real propoganda, which - even decades later - can effectively justify crimes against humanity.

Movies, media, and social media
I will now draw the reader's attention to a debate I've been having, internally, for some time now. If I am so concerned with gossip, misinformation, and radicalization, why am I so active so social media? Surely I am full of shit too, right?
The short answer is that I am a hypocrite. I am part of the same old circus. I like movies. I love drama, and I absolutely adore reality TV, excluding love is blind after the alter. Screw that manufactured bs. The fantasy that media presents me is an addiction I probably will never recover from. 
What's more, I like getting people's attention.
Social media has presented a different beast entirely. In many cases, it made / makes media consumption more engaging. Tik. Tok. But as time went on, and as social media became more participatory, it became obvious that the institutions that once controlled information flow have bested themselves yet again. 
In my opinion, Wall Street concieved the backbone for and VC firms funded the companies that will eventually get people angry enough for capitalist society to face its first real threat: communi- just kidding. Intellectual war.
Has anyone really read the Three Body Problem?

The crisis part 1
Mobile computing
It makes our minds go bzz. We didn't evolve to be so angry or anxious on apathetic all of the time. It's just. So. Noisy! 
Airplanes are amazing becasuse the wifi is expensive and slow. I am peaceful without my phone. Sometimes I even pretend to read.
Februaray 18th edit: I recently started actively turning on airplane mode. Sometimes, I don't carry a device at all, and that's peace. True peace, like that possessed by the man known as Common Terry. You see, Terry was like me, once upon a time. He was not born a fighter. He watched the world go mobile, and rejected that world. 
Today, Terry preaches on Sproul plaza to anyone who listens. Nobody listens. 

The attention economy
So now, imagine the world this way. There is just so much capital! We like stuff, and we like buying stuff. We also don't like making stuff. So how do we invest our time to produce as least as much as we consume with the same amount of time?
Here's a hint: we don't. Instead, we produce value by wasting our time. And buying. Useless. Shit. 
Welcome to the new age of capitalism! Time is money! Buckle up because the more we get fat and depressed, the more money we can throw at drugs that barely work! Buckle up for the attention economy, where life is a roller coaster even after you die!
Welcome to the world of things that don't sing for you, but sing at you. BARK! BZZZ! GEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee

Woke vs joke
Eat this, not that!
February 18th edit: So now, reimagine the world through the lens of a maniac. Every problem is now your problem. You just read some substack article about the consumer engineering that steered us out of the Great Depression. You have just opened your mind's eye, unlocking what in your eyes appears to be something even more depressing. And your stomach is growling, but you know that as soon as that bagel enters your system, you become the system. 
Jk just kidding! Capitalism is great, and having using stuff is ... is fucking awesome! End of story. Right? 
Right?

Bo Burnham
He's a genious. Thanks Bo. Dad. Thank you to my family by blood as well. And the jacoozles, and the eligmas. *February 18th edit: and the Fluor4s.* Yall rock.
The thing about Bo, that just strikes me in a way nobody has struck me before, is that he is suffering. Or at least it seems that way to me. He is light and explicit about this suffering, and I have to admit that I wish I could be as funny as Bo. 
Truth of the matter is that most of you reading this are totally confused, and even more embarassingly is that those of you who ARE reading it think it's funny for a completely nonsense reason. Like Dudley clapping at Harry Potter getting clapped. Or something. *Feb18thedit CALL THAT SLAPSTICK COMEDY, UHH*
The suffering that we all experience, which I attribute largely to the way the world works, can be channeled positively in a non arbitrary sense. I think that at it's core, positivity means being good to people in the long run. If you are good to the world, the world will be a better place. And hopefully it will be a better place to you.

Coming to a starbucks near you. yeah I'm never going to finish this song.

February 25th, 2023 ... 

The crisis part 2
Propaganda
Washington post article on civil wars
Globalization vs radicalization
Vladimir Putin

Ego vs the truth
Sigmund Freud
Myers-Briggs
Skin in the game
Pseudonymous and anonymous online identity
The wiki and the forum
